README.md, before:

# AAVE Governance Forge Template

A template for creating AAVE governance Proposal payload contracts.

## Installation

It requires [Foundry](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry) installed to run. You can find instructions here [Foundry installation](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry#installation).

### GitHub template

It's easiest to start a new project by clicking the ["Use this template"](https://github.com/llama-community/aave-governance-forge-template).

Then clone the templated repository locally and `cd` into it and run the following commands:

```sh
$ npm install
$ forge install
$ forge update
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

### Manual installation

If you want to create your project manually, run the following commands:

```sh
$ forge init --template https://github.com/llama-community/aave-governance-forge-template <my-repo>
$ cd <my-repo>
$ npm install
$ forge install
$ forge update
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Setup

Duplicate `.env.example` and rename to `.env`:

- Add a valid mainnet URL for an Ethereum JSON-RPC client for the `RPC_MAINNET_URL` variable.
- Add a valid Private Key for the `PRIVATE_KEY` variable.
- Add a valid Etherscan API Key for the `ETHERSCAN_API_KEY` variable.

### Commands

- `make build` - build the project
- `make test [optional](V={1,2,3,4,5})` - run tests (with different debug levels if provided)
- `make match MATCH=<TEST_FUNCTION_NAME> [optional](V=<{1,2,3,4,5}>)` - run matched tests (with different debug levels if provided)

### Deploy and Verify

- `make deploy-payload` - deploy and verify payload on mainnet
- `make deploy-proposal`- deploy proposal on mainnet

To confirm the deploy was successful, re-run your test suite but use the newly created contract address.

Commit message:

AGD Renewal (#1)
* forge install: protocol-v2

* feat: AGD approval proposal

* feat: add comments of amount in USD terms

* feat: get avg price of past 30 days

* feat: update read me

* feat: add readme to proposal

* feat: add readme specific to agd proposal

README.md, after:

# AAVE Proposals Template

Use this template to create AAVE proposals.

## Installation

It requires [Foundry](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry) installed to run. You can find instructions here [Foundry installation](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry#installation).

### GitHub template

It's easiest to start a new project by clicking the ["Use this template"](https://github.com/llama-community/aave-governance-forge-template).

Then clone the templated repository locally and `cd` into it and run the following commands:

```sh
$ npm install
$ forge install
$ forge update
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

### Manual installation

If you want to create your project manually, run the following commands:

```sh
$ forge init --template https://github.com/llama-community/aave-governance-forge-template <my-repo>
$ cd <my-repo>
$ npm install
$ forge install
$ forge update
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Setup

Duplicate `.env.example` and rename to `.env`:

- Add a valid mainnet URL for an Ethereum JSON-RPC client for the `RPC_MAINNET_URL` variable.
- Add a valid Private Key for the `PRIVATE_KEY` variable.
- Add a valid Etherscan API Key for the `ETHERSCAN_API_KEY` variable.

### Commands

- `make build` - build the project
- `make test [optional](V={1,2,3,4,5})` - run tests (with different debug levels if provided)
- `make match MATCH=<TEST_FUNCTION_NAME> [optional](V=<{1,2,3,4,5}>)` - run matched tests (with different debug levels if provided)

### Deploy and Verify

- `make deploy-payload` - deploy and verify payload on mainnet
- `make deploy-proposal`- deploy proposal on mainnet

To confirm the deploy was successful, re-run your test suite but use the newly created contract address.
